[ETP-627] Add compatibility to multiple shortcodes in the same page (#1920)
the-events-calendar/event-tickets: readme.txt

= [5.0.5] TBD =

> * Fix - Multiple shortcodes `[tribe_tickets post_id="ID"]` in a single page will now properly work with Modal and adding to cart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix - Multiple shortcodes `[tribe_tickets post_id="ID"]` on a single page will now properly work with the Attendee Registration Modal and adding to the cart / checking out.
```
